Docs: Add minimal hugo build, update docs README (#20905)
grafana/grafana: docs/README.md

# Building the docs locally

When you contribute to documentation, it is a good practice to build the docs on your local machine to make sure your changes appear as you expect. This README explains the process for doing that.

## Requirements

Docker >= 2.1.0.3

## Build the doc site

1. In the command line, make sure you are in the docs folder: `cd docs`.
2. Run `make docs`. This launches a preview of the docs website at `http://localhost:3002/docs/grafana/latest/` which will refresh automatically when changes to content in the `sources` directory are made.

---

> ## Content Guidelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Content guidelines
```

> # Building the docs locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Building the docs locally

When you contribute to documentation, it is a good practice to build the docs on your local machine to make sure your changes appear as you expect. This README explains the process for doing that.
```

## Requirements

Docker >= 2.1.0.3

> ## Getting Started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build the doc site
```

> To build the docs locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 

Reviewer: I suggest using lazy numbering.
```
1.
1.
1.
```

> 1. Make sure you are in the docs folder: `cd docs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the command line, make sure you are in the docs folder: `cd docs`.
```

> 2. Run `make build`. This builds the docker image with the correct version of Hugo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Build the Docker image:

make build

```

Reviewer: Add code tags in the blank lines.

> 3. Run `make run`. This runs the container. It will start a hugo sever, and you can naviagate to the site in your browser at `localhost:1313`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the container:

make run

This command starts a Hugo server.

1. Open your web browser and navigate to http://localhost:1313. 
```

Reviewer: Add code tags in the blank lines around `make run`

> You can then edit files in the `sources` directory which will update `localhost:1313` when changes are saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then edit files in the `sources` directory, which updates the content in `localhost:1313` when you save your changes.
```

---

## Content Guidelines

Edit content in the `sources` directory.

### Using `relref` for internal links

> Use the hugo shortcode [relref](https://gohugo.io/content-management/cross-references/#use-ref-and-relref) anytime you are linking to other internal docs pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Hugo shortcode [relref](https://gohugo.io/content-management/cross-references/#use-ref-and-relref) anytime you are linking to other internal docs pages.
```

Reviewer: Could you give an example? I found the Hugo documentation very confusing.

> ### Editing the Sidebar Menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Edit the side menu
```

> Edit [sources/menu.yaml](sources/menu.yaml) to make changes to the sidebar. Restart the `make run` command for changes to take effect.

Reviewer: Please clarify "Restart the `make run` command." Do you mean run it again? Do we need to stop the watch process first?

> ### Adding Images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add images
```

> Images are currently hosted in the grafana/website repo.

Reviewer: Please expand on this. If this means regular contributors can't update images (right now), then state that plainly.

Also, what should they do if they want to add a new image? Can they update an image by adding a new image to the Grafana repo and changing the link?

Author: This is in the process of changing so I intentionally left it vague - are we moving images back into the repo?

Reviewer: Good question! @marcusolsson , do we have an answer yet?

Reviewer: @daniellee , relevant to our conversation today.

Reviewer 2: think after this is merged we can work on having images in a separate public repo maybe. We can't have them in this repo due to size

---

> ## Making changes live on grafana.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploy changes to grafana.com
```

> Anytime a PR is merged to master with changes in the `docs` directory, those changes are synced via GitHub action to the grafana/website repo on the `docs-grafana` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a PR is merged to master with changes in the `docs` directory, those changes are automatically synched to the grafana/website repo on the `docs-grafana` branch.
```

> In order to make those changes live, open a PR in the website repo that merges the `docs-grafna` branch into `master`. Then follow the publishing guidelines in that repo.

Reviewer: I don't think outside contributors can do this. Please clarify this statement. 

Also, is `docs-grafna` correct?
